>>SUSAN MASINO: Hey, do
you believe in ghosts?
Have you ever seen a ghost?
I'm paranormal
researcher Susan Masino,
and I'm going to tell
you that ghosts do exist.
I'm going to tell you
about encounters I've had
and ghostly activity
that others have had.
I will make you a believer.
This is "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>>MALE SPEAKER: And I
think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>MALE SPEAKER:
People are basically
going to keep on to help
uncover what really happened.
>>FEMALE SPEAKER: It felt like
something was watching me.
>>MALE SPEAKER: We weren't
given all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
over the next 30 minutes
you very well may
become a believer
in the other side,
the paranormal,
with our special
guest Susan Masino,
as we talk about ghostly things
right here on "Beyond Belief."
Susan, welcome back.
>>MASINO: Thank you, George.
Thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: One of your books,
"Secrets of the Universe,"
where you talk a lot
about the other side.
Tell me a little bit about that.
>>MASINO: Well, I self-published
this book about a year ago,
less than a year ago, called
"Secrets of the Universe,"
and it's seven chapters on
seven different subjects.
Kind of a primer
to the paranormal.
Because I--
>>NOORY: A how-to book.
>>MASINO: Exactly, if you want
to get into it a little bit.
Because I've read so
many books, and I've
been a long time listener
of "Coast to Coast."
>>NOORY: Thank you.
>>MASINO: And, oh, I've
been such a big fan,
and you have such
amazing people on.
It's hard to go to sleep
at night because you
want to listen to
the whole show.
And I wrote seven chapters,
one on synchronicity.
One is on your chakras, your
energy, kind of the light
that comes through you.
One is on universal laws.
One is on past lives.
One is on ghost adventures,
because I've been on a few.
And then one is called My
Jesus Wears an AC/DC T-shirt.
>>NOORY: I love it.
That's where your rock
experience comes in.
>>MASINO: Yes, because my Jesus
does wear an AC/DC t-shirt.
He's a big fan.
>>NOORY: What is your take,
then, on the paranormal?
Have you made your
own conclusions
about what you think it is?
>>MASINO: Well, I think there's
many parallel universes.
And like with UFOs, which I
didn't get into that in my book
because I'm saving that whole
thing for another project.
>>NOORY: Another one.
>>MASINO: Yes.
Yes, but I think that people
and entities might not
seem like people to us,
but they come in and out
of dimensions, especially
UFOs, that they're
able to cross through.
>>NOORY: A lot of
people believe that.
>>MASINO: Yeah, yeah,
and otherwise it just
doesn't make sense.
You know, otherwise, you'd think
we'd see the UFO coming in,
you know.
NASA or somebody would
pick them up a long time
before they'd even fly over.
And they seem to
pop in and pop out,
and the same thing
with shadow people.
I've seen shadow people,
and that's very common.
And I've seen things--
well, my house
is kind off-- I think it
might be on an Indian burial
ground in Wisconsin.
There's a lot of
them in Wisconsin.
And--
>>NOORY: Might not be the
best place for a house.
>>MASINO: Exactly.
But we have-- we
sage when we need to.
We cleanse the house
when we need to,
but we have a lot of traffic.
We definitely have
people in and out,
and my son is very psychic.
Even as a child, he
would see people.
He would come upstairs and
say, Mom, we have another one.
We need to move him.
Move him on his way.
And it's funny
because I've always
wanted to see a full
body apparition, which
is not always possible.
A lot of people get to do
that and a lot of people
wait their lifetimes
and never see that.
And my experience actually ties
in with the Titanic experience.
If it's OK to go back to that.
>>NOORY: And we
talked about that
in a previous program
about your little boy
Jamie, who you are
now convinced was
the designer of the Titanic.
>>MASINO: Yes, exactly.
And when they brought the
exhibit through Chicago
in 2000, we took him
to see it after he
had had this experience.
>>NOORY: Did he freak out?
>>MASINO: He loved it,
but he was emotionally
shaken by it also.
>>NOORY: You could tell.
>>MASINO: Yes.
Yes, he was very-- he got very
emotional when he got close.
Because they had a piece of
the ship that was actually
like as big as the side of
a house that was on display,
and that was-- it had
a window with a crack
through it and everything.
It was very, very spooky.
But we'd gone down there, and
I was with his sister also,
and he was very obsessed with
the men that died in the boiler
room, because they were trapped
when the emergency doors came
down.
>>NOORY: That was the
tragic part of that ship.
>>MASINO: Because none
of them could get out.
And so when we went
to the exhibit,
they had a boiler that they
actually had brought up
from the bottom of the
ocean, and it was on display
and it had mirrors on
both sides and curtains.
And you know, I
thought, wow, this
is amazing that they
actually have a real boiler.
And we were looking at it,
and I looked down to the right
and it looked like a
whole line of boilers,
because there's
mirrors on both sides.
And then when I looked
to my left, what I saw
was a full-size painting,
life size painting,
of a man shoveling
coal into the boiler.
>>NOORY: The boiler room.
Sure.
>>MASINO: And I remember
distinctly thinking to myself,
boy, they went all
out for this exhibit.
That's very impressive
to show, because they
wore heavy clothing.
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
>>MASINO: He had
like woolen pants on.
>>NOORY: The real deal.
>>MASINO: Yeah, he had the
high-necked white shirt
with the suspenders, and
he had like a newsboy cap.
He had dark hair.
He had a mustache, and
he was shoveling coal.
>>NOORY: I had a mustache once.
>>MASINO: And so I looked up
at him and I thought, you know,
that's very impressive
that they would do that.
And as we slowly moved with the
crowd, and my son was only six,
so he really couldn't-- he
wasn't at the eye level that
my daughter and I were at.
And as we got closer to that
side, I looked up at him
and he turned and looked at me.
And when he moved--
when paintings move,
it scared me so badly.
>>NOORY: With the eyes shifting?
>>MASINO: Well, he looked
at us like who are you?
Like his head just swiveled
around like-- like we scared
him.
And he scared us, and I closed
my eyes for just a second,
and I was staring at
myself in a mirror.
And there was no man and
there was no painting.
>>NOORY: Nothing was there.
>>MASINO: And I leaned
over to my daughter
and I said, did you just see?
And she goes, a man?
And I said, shoveling coal?
And she goes, with suspenders?
And I said, a hat?
And she goes, and a mustache?
And we just kind
of, you know, we
were whispering because
the crowd was around us
but we were both
completely in shock.
And what was weird is that
I made him into a painting,
because that made sense
in my head, I guess.
To her, he looked
like a man that
was standing where there
was nowhere to stand.
So she couldn't figure
out how he got over there.
>>NOORY: What his
place was there.
>>MASINO: Yeah.
How did he get over there?
Because there was
nowhere to stand.
And we both saw him.
We could draw a picture of him.
And that was, I mean, that
was a full body apparition,
who was aware of us.
>>NOORY: What changed your
whole perspective on this?
Was it your little boy
or were you a believer
in the afterlife before that?
>>MASINO: Oh, yeah, yeah.
No, I read every book, you know,
after-- when I was a child,
my grandmother talked
about her mother coming
to see her after she
died to say goodbye.
And she would tell us that
story and from then on, I
was obsessed with every book
I could get my hands on.
And when I was in
middle school, there
was like Hans Holzer
was like the only guy.
>>NOORY: He was a giant then.
>>MASINO: Yeah.
Yeah, but he was like the
only guy in the library
so I read everything
I could get on him.
And just always investigated.
I ended up hooking up with
a couple of psychic mediums
that was at the symposium
that we met at in Minneapolis.
And we've gone on ghost
adventures together.
We went down to Bobby
Mackey's in Kentucky.
We went to a brothel in
Deadwood, South Dakota.
>>NOORY: You're into this
now in a big way, aren't you?
>>MASINO: Well, not-- I was.
Not as much as I used to be
because I got sick when I went
down to Bobby Mackey's.
>>NOORY: What do you
mean you got sick?
>>MASINO: Oh my goodness.
This place-- some people
won't go there anymore.
>>NOORY: Do other
people get sick there?
>>MASINO: Yes.
Yes, they've been
actually possessed.
People have been
possessed there.
It's almost like a
tourist attraction
where people-- they have groups
on weekends that go and do
their ghost adventures, and
I will never go back there.
>>NOORY: Were you emotionally
sick or physically sick?
>>MASINO: I got physically sick.
We went there the night
before on a meet and greet.
So I didn't really think
about-- and I should have,
but I didn't take it seriously.
I thought, we're just
going to go to the bar--
>>NOORY: Have a
little nice time.
>>MASINO: Yeah, we're
going to meet everybody.
And then, the next night
we're going to be-- we
were live on online.
We did this big-- we
had about 30 people,
so we broke it into
like six groups of five,
and we did this
big investigation.
But the night before
I went in there,
and I didn't think about
using my white light
and my protective shield.
>>NOORY: Who would?
>>MASINO: I just-- I
didn't take it seriously,
and I should have.
And I went there, and I was
with my two psychic girlfriends,
Donnette Cooke and Tamara
Gleason, who love this stuff.
And they're the ones that
really got me to come up
and to meet you in
Minneapolis and everything.
And we were with
their cousin Chad,
so there were the four of us.
And as we walked
into the bar, as soon
as we got to where
the dance floor was,
the room spun,
just for a second.
And we all four felt it, and
we all stopped and looked
at each other.
And as they were looking at
me, it was like in slow motion.
My girlfriend Tamara
looked at me, and she said,
did you just feel that?
And when she said that,
something walked through me.
It was just like--
>>NOORY: You felt it.
Did you feel a chill?
>>MASINO: It was like a burst
of air that went through me.
I mean, I could tell-- it
was like the "Ghostbusters."
I felt slimed.
I was just like-- I
turned around and I went--
>>NOORY: Did you feel icky?
>>MASINO: Yeah.
No, I did.
Because it was my whole body.
I mean, it was, whatever it
was went right through me.
>>NOORY: Was that the beginning
of your illness there, or what?
>>MASINO: Well, it didn't start
then, but I turned around,
and I looked behind me.
And I went, ew, I
said, something just
walked through me.
Oh god.
And they were making fun of me,
because they're Reiki masters
so it bounced off of them.
>>NOORY: Did they feel it?
>>MASINO: They did.
Yeah, they did, but
it went through me.
>>NOORY: As long as
it comes out, right?
>>MASINO: Exactly.
But it came out in a bad
way because that night, we
had a good time,
and we went back,
and we came back to
the bar the next night.
And we did a long
investigation and-- actually,
they-- I don't like the
provoking that people do,
and a lot of people do it.
>>NOORY: To try to get them out.
>>MASINO: Yeah, like bring it.
What do you got, you know?
And there was a group
downstairs in the basement
where the well is.
There's a famous well
that's closed up now.
>>NOORY: Well, some
don't take it seriously.
>>MASINO: Oh, not at all.
They want proof.
They want to see
what they can get,
and there was actually
a man downstairs
that got pinned up against
the wall by something
he couldn't see, and when
that happened he took off.
>>NOORY: Maybe he
deserved it, huh?
>>MASINO: Well,
they were provoking.
They were saying,
you know, show me.
You know, bring it.
Well, we were just--
>>NOORY: Well, they got
their wish, didn't they?
>>MASINO: Oh, they
did in a big way.
But that night, we
were there pretty late.
We were drinking coffee, we
were not drinking any alcohol.
We went and stopped and
ate at the same place.
We all ate--
>>NOORY: What kind
of party is that?
>>MASINO: That was the
end of the weekend,
and we all ate at
the same restaurant.
We ate all the same food, and
we went back to the hotel,
and we were going to drive
back to Wisconsin the next day,
which was a seven hour trip.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MASINO: And something told
me to pack all my stuff.
This intuition just said,
pack all your stuff.
All you got to do is
get up, get dressed,
and you're out in the morning.
And about 5:30, 6 o'clock
in the morning, I woke up,
I felt really weird
like, you know,
when you're coming
down with the flu.
And I went into the bathroom,
and without being graphic,
I was in there for hours.
>>NOORY: Just sick.
>>MASINO: It was violent,
and it wouldn't stop.
And it took them hours
to get me together enough
to get me into the car.
>>NOORY: I'm not sure I
could have taken the trip.
>>MASINO: Well,
I didn't want to.
I begged them to leave me there.
>>NOORY: Just keep
me in bed and--
>>MASINO: Yeah,
I begged them to.
>>NOORY: Let me die.
>>MASINO: I said, I'll fly home.
I was honest, I
said, I'll fly home.
And they were like, we're
not leaving you like this.
There's no way.
And so they packed me up, and
they put me in the backseat.
And we still laugh to
this day, because there
are two in the front seat, I'm
curled up in the back and--
>>NOORY: Praying you don't
get sick again, right?
>>MASINO: Well, exactly.
I mean they made
something for me to use.
And my girlfriend
was-- all I could
do is curl up like in a fetal
position to stop the pain.
>>NOORY: You must
have been miserable.
>>MASINO: Oh, I've
never been that sick.
I've had the flu before, and
I've never been that sick.
And she did Reiki on
me for seven hours
on the way back to Wisconsin.
And they dropped me
off, and within an hour
after they left the house,
the vomiting started again.
>>NOORY: What possessed you?
Something got you.
>>MASINO: Something
got me big time.
And this lasted--
>>NOORY: It was
that whoosh, right?
>>MASINO: Oh, yeah, it
was whatever it was and it
wasn't-- I don't
know what it was,
but I was like that Sunday--
it started Monday morning.
I was like that Monday, Tuesday,
and then I ended up in the ER
on Wednesday.
>>NOORY: But you were a
believer prior to that?
>>MASINO: Yes.
Yes, I was.
>>NOORY: Why do you
think you let your guard
down to let this happen to you?
>>MASINO: I didn't
take it seriously.
I didn't think-- you know,
you hear all these stories
and had been on TV a
bunch of times and people
were there that night to party.
So I didn't realize
that, you know,
you're coming into a space that
not only should you respect--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MASINO: But you
should protect yourself.
>>NOORY: And you did neither.
>>MASINO: I didn't at all.
And I will never-- I'll
never go back there.
I'll never go in
that building again.
>>NOORY: And you've said other
people have been sick, too.
>>MASINO: Yes.
>>NOORY: Similar things?
>>MASINO: Yes, and it's
usually violently ill.
>>NOORY: Bet that's not
great for his tourism, is it?
>>MASINO: He makes
money every weekend.
>>NOORY: More coming.
>>MASINO: People
come every weekend.
>>NOORY: The sicker people
get, the more people come.
>>MASINO: More people
want proof of something.
And there's layers of things.
There's the
Underground Railroad,
then there was-- it was a
butcher house in the 1800s,
then the mafia came in.
>>NOORY: So they've had a
lot of bizarre things happen.
>>MASINO: There's a lot
of layers of activity.
>>NOORY: Did you ever,
Susan, get to a point
where you didn't think the
other side ever existed?
That there was this
emptiness, a void?
>>MASINO: I get that
way sometimes, even now.
You know, you lose your faith.
>>NOORY: You doubt.
>>MASINO: Yeah, you
have your bad days
and you think, oh, you
know, that's silly.
You know, it's just you're
here and you're gone,
and it makes life more
depressing, because--
>>NOORY: I have a
theory about that
and that is, if it does
exist, you'll know about it
when you pass on.
If it doesn't exist, you
won't and it doesn't matter.
>>MASINO: You won't care.
Yeah, exactly.
>>NOORY: It's like the
moment of going to sleep.
You really have lost
consciousness, basically,
when you fall asleep.
At that point,
you could be dead.
>>MASINO: Sure.
>>NOORY: Now, waking up
is this resurrection.
It's maybe life after death.
You know, you're alive again.
You're ready to go, but
if you died like right
at that moment of sleep,
that's the way it is.
>>MASINO: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's just done for you.
>>MASINO: I think so.
And it's interesting, too, that
a lot of people when they pass,
they see people right before
and start talking to people.
>>NOORY: A loved one shows
up, or something like that.
>>MASINO: It seems like
there's always somebody there,
that you're not alone.
>>NOORY: Has this been a
dramatic change for you,
in terms of believing
and investigating?
>>MASINO: Oh, yeah.
Well, you know, I'm more
conscious of, you know,
how you treat other people,
and what you do with your life.
>>NOORY: Are you a nicer person?
>>MASINO: I think I am.
I care a lot about people,
and I like to help people.
>>NOORY: You didn't before?
>>MASINO: Oh, I think I
was pretty nice before.
>>NOORY: Good.
Good.
What do you think this all is?
What is the other side?
>>MASINO: Oh my gosh.
I think the other side
is you're more of a--
I described this
actually to a boy who
I met when I was
writing my AC/DC book.
I actually met a boy that
was dying of bone cancer.
He was 15 years old named Cody.
Very life changing for
me because I'd never
had this experience.
Well, he wanted to meet
Angus Young from AC/DC.
>>NOORY: That was his wish.
>>MASINO: Yes.
And I'm kind of known as
the AC/DC lady where I live
and, well, on Facebook now, too.
But someone contacted me
from Thursday's Child, which
is like Make a Wish Foundation,
and I pulled a few strings
anonymously, because
I didn't want the band
to think I was trying to
reach them for my book.
But I went up to the
hospital one night with him
and they actually
called me because there
had been a blizzard that night.
It was right before
Christmas, and they
said his mom can't get here.
Would you come up
and sit with him?
And I was honored by that.
And I went up there and he
asked me, and he was dying,
and a 15 year old boy asked me--
>>NOORY: Was he bed confined?
>>MASINO: Yes.
Yes, and he didn't have
a lot of time left.
And I had to pretend
that he wasn't dying.
I'm a mom--
>>NOORY: Not easy to pretend.
>>MASINO: Exactly.
I had to pretend that
he was going to be fine.
So he asked me, he
said, what do you
think is going to happen
to me after I die?
And I said, you know,
I tell people this,
and this is the truth.
It made him laugh.
I said, I tell people
that after I pass,
I'm going right
back to 1960 Hamburg
and getting drunk
with John Lennon.
So that's my first thing to do.
And he kind of giggled.
He said, do you think
you can do that?
And I said, I
don't know why not.
And I told him, I said, once
you leave your physical body,
you're going to be like a
radio signal, so try to be,
even though I know that--
>>NOORY: It'll be a beacon.
>>MASINO: Yeah.
I said, I know it's
going to be scary.
I know it-- I don't
mean any disrespect
because I'm not in your place.
But I said, I think that you're
going to be like a signal,
like a radio signal.
So what you put out, you're
going to attract to you.
So he told me that
his father actually
had passed about
four years earlier.
And I said, well,
do you ever see him,
and then he kind of looked
at me like, you know.
I said, I mean in your dreams.
Does he ever come to you?
And he said, oh, yeah, I've
seen my dad in my dreams.
And I said, well, I think your
dad will be there to greet you.
And he looked at me
and said, you think so?
And I said, well,
why wouldn't he be?
I mean, he's your dad.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MASINO: He'll
be there for you.
And it was so sad, but
so sweet, in a way.
He couldn't travel
to meet Angus,
and by the time that I got the
call that they didn't think
he was going to
last much longer,
I made another phone call.
And Angus, who lives
usually in Holland
with his wife, who is from
Holland, he called Cody--
>>NOORY: That's good.
>>MASINO: And Cody
couldn't speak anymore.
>>NOORY: He could just listen?
>>MASINO: He was--
yeah, he was on oxygen--
>>NOORY: But he knew.
He knew it was him?
>>MASINO: Yeah, Angus
was on the phone.
He talked to Angus and
Angus talked to his mother,
and he died within 24
hours after the phone call.
And they called
me later, and they
said we think that
you should know this.
And I said-- well,
you know about Cody,
the last day of his life,
because he told everybody
about you and what
you had told him.
And it kind of made him
excited instead of--
>>NOORY: Curious.
>>MASINO: Yeah.
Like maybe there's
something that I don't know
and she seemed to know.
So the day that he passed,
he insisted on being dressed
in all of his AC/DC gear,
his t-shirt, his jacket--
>>NOORY: He was ready.
>>MASINO: He was ready.
And he was on
oxygen and he hadn't
spoken for like two weeks,
and all of a sudden,
he ripped the mask off of
his face and said, "No, Dad,
not yet.
I'm not ready.
I'm not ready."
And then about 10 or 15 minutes
later, he just kind of relaxed
and he said, "OK,
Dad, I'm ready.
Let's go."
And he passed.
>>NOORY: And closed his
eyes, and that was it.
>>MASINO: That was it.
>>NOORY: Sad for you?
>>MASINO: Oh, very hard.
Very hard for me.
He died much sooner
than I thought
he was going to, actually
on New Year's Eve day,
and it hit me pretty hard.
And he's in the dedication to
the book "Let There Be Rock,"
so now his name is
all over the world.
>>NOORY: There doesn't seem
to be justification for that.
>>MASINO: Not at that age.
>>NOORY: No.
>>MASINO: No.
It was very hard,
but I was honored.
I was honored that
he turned to me
and that Angus came
through, like I
knew he would, and called him.
And then after he
passed, Angus actually
sent a bunch of
signed memorabilia,
and his mother took
that and my book
and made a shadowbox thing
for him in his honor.
>>NOORY: I would take
it that you're not
afraid of the other side?
>>MASINO: No.
No, not at all.
No.
I'm not exactly planning
on it any time soon.
>>NOORY: Well, that's what
I keep telling people.
I'm not in a rush.
>>MASINO: Yeah.
>>NOORY: But when it
happens, it happens.
>>MASINO: I'm fascinated
with it because there's just
too much proof, or proof to me,
that there's something else.
There has to be.
>>NOORY: Does it make
you believe in God more?
>>MASINO: Oh yeah.
And God's more like
an energy, you know,
instead of like a guy sitting
up there in a desk somewhere.
But just the energy
that-- of love,
because love is the
most powerful emotion
that creates life.
Hate destroys it.
God, the devil, you
know, is the same entity.
It's positive and negative and
everything in the universe,
you know, like Howard Bloom,
love listening to him.
>>NOORY: He's great.
>>MASINO: Oh, yeah, and
everything is-- everything,
I mean, even the atom is
positive and negative energy,
and if we didn't have one,
we couldn't have the other.
So we wouldn't exist.
>>NOORY: This boy,
prior to him dying,
did he have like longer
hair, but like curly, dark.
>>MASINO: Yeah, he did.
>>NOORY: I just saw him
sitting over your shoulder.
>>MASINO: Really?
>>NOORY: In a very
weird-- yeah, I
have no idea what this
kid would look like.
>>MASINO: He did have
long hair and they
had to shave it for chemo.
And, if you want to know
the postscript to the story,
the day that he
passed, I was going
to go out that night
on New Year's Eve.
I ended up not going, but I
came home and my ex at the time,
he sat me down and he said,
I have something to tell you.
We got a call today
from Thursday's Child
that Cody passed today.
And it was like somebody took--
>>NOORY: And he was
actually wearing
a white t-shirt and white pants.
Now, I don't know why he
would be wearing that.
>>MASINO: He was
in the hospital.
He had a gown on in
the hospital like that.
But as soon as I found out that
he had passed, in my mind's
eye, a long haired
boy and his father
walked through my living room.
And I could hear him in my
head going, "You were right.
You were right.
It's exactly like
you said it is.
you said it is."
And he was really,
really excited.
So that gave me a lot of peace.
It really did.
>>NOORY: It seems like
when they cross over,
they don't really miss
this existence anymore.
>>MASINO: No.
>>NOORY: We would,
because we're alive.
There's things we have to
do, loved ones we have here,
but it's a different
feeling once they're gone.
>>MASINO: Yeah,
and it's amazing.
You know, you don't
think about this.
And I probably heard
it on your show,
was that we lose one
person; they lose everybody.
So but they're not in
pain because it's a peace.
>>NOORY: And I wonder if Cody
has reincarnated already.
>>MASINO: He could have.
>>NOORY: And he's the soul
of a little baby somewhere.
>>MASINO: And listening to
AC/DC because he loved the band.
>>NOORY: I'm sure that
connection will stay there.
And it is amazing.
>>MASINO: Actually, when
the band went back out
on tour in 2008, we
saw them in Chicago
with my two girlfriends.
And my son and I got to go
hang out with Angus and Malcolm
and have a visit,
because I've known them.
>>NOORY: How is Malcolm?
He's been sick, hasn't he?
>>MASINO: He's been sick, yes.
And he's in hospital,
the last I heard,
and we hope that he's going to
get better, but we don't know.
They haven't really confirmed.
He's not touring with the band.
They plan on touring, and I'm
praying for him every day.
But the night that we saw
them at the All-State arena
in Chicago, my girlfriends took
pictures of the tour buses,
and one of the tour
buses had a kid's face
in the window that
looked like Cody.
And it's in the photograph.
>>NOORY: That's
very interesting.
I bet it's the
same kid I just saw
standing over your shoulder.
>>MASINO: Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm sure he's around
me because I-- now he's
in a book that's in 11
languages, so he's famous.
He's part of the AC/DC history.
>>NOORY: The magic
of the other side.
>>MASINO: Yes.
>>NOORY: What would you tell
people who don't believe?
>>MASINO: Oh, my
goodness, I think life
is so much more
fascinating if you do.
I think that it makes
life so one dimensional
and kind of depressing that--
not that this isn't great,
but, I mean, that this is it?
There's so much more.
I think that if
you don't believe,
start reading a
little bit, start
investigating a little bit.
Because there's so many books
and, like your show, and so
many people out there that
know way more than I do.
You know, like I
said, with my book,
my book is like a
primer on how-to.
If you want to kind of indulge.
I don't say that I'm
an expert on any of it.
>>NOORY: The road map
through the other side.
>>MASINO: Yeah.
I'm a fan, and I'm
just fascinated just
as much as anybody else.
So I say to look into
it, because everybody's
got a story.
When you start
talking to people,
everybody's got a ghost story.
>>NOORY: Of course they do.
>>MASINO: You know?
It's amazing, when you start
talking about it to people
that you think don't believe,
and they're like, well,
you know that I did have
something happen to me once.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
have a demonic story?
>>MASINO: I've had
dreams like that.
I've had dreams where I
was really glad that--
>>NOORY: Like nightmares.
>>MASINO: Yeah.
That I got out, you
know, that I woke up
and it was just a dream.
>>NOORY: Susan, with us.
Susan, do you have a website
that people can track you?
>>MASINO: Yes.
SusanMasino.com.
>>NOORY: M-A-S-I-N-O?
>>MASINO: Yes.
Yes, and I'm on Facebook, and
all my books are on Amazon.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of the social media
now with passing
information along?
Isn't it amazing?
>>MASINO: It's incredible.
I mean, especially when-- like,
I just wrote a new book that
will be out next spring
an AC/DC FAQ book,
and I get information
from all over the world--
>>NOORY: This group
must love you.
>>MASINO: Well,
there's a family,
I mean, they call
it the AC/DC family,
and there's millions of
people around the world,
and as soon as the slightest
bit of information comes out,
it's there.
They send it out.
>>NOORY: Favorite AC/DC song?
>>MASINO: "Let There Be Rock."
Definitely.
>>NOORY: The best?
>>MASINO: Absolutely.
Very old '50s.
It's got a good swing to it.
You know, they love Chuck Berry
and Muddy Waters and John Lee
Hooker and, you know, they're
a good blues based, very
simple band that has
made millions playing,
like they say, the
same three chords.
>>NOORY: Yeah, exactly.
That's exactly what Billy
Gibbons says from ZZ Top.
Same chords and they just
keep going all the way.
>>MASINO: That's right.
You just change them
around a little bit.
>>NOORY: I had seen
them in Saint Louis,
and the next day Dusty Hill fell
on the bus and broke his hip.
He's doing much better now, too,
but those old classics, there's
something there.
>>MASINO: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: And when they
pass on, maybe they'll
still be playing music
on the other side.
>>MASINO: I bet they will.
I bet there's a heck of
a band on the other side.
>>NOORY: Well, you
can only imagine
how many rock stars
are on the other side.
>>MASINO: Exactly.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: My gosh, since
how far back do you go?
>>MASINO: Oh my god, all
the way to Robert Johnson.
At the crossroads selling his
soul to the devil as they say.
>>NOORY: Susan, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MASINO: Thank you
for having me, George.
>>NOORY: Fascinating discussion
about the other side.
I mean, you may or may not be
a believer in life after death,
but when you begin
to hear stories
like this, her son Jamie and
Cody and episodes like that,
you really have to
stop for a moment
and say, you know what,
maybe it does exist.
Maybe there is life after death.
I'm a believer.
I'll see you on our next
edition of "Beyond Belief."